[instrumental music]
Aw, nuts.
Hey, Michelle.
What's going on?
I can't reach.
I'm too little.
That's what's nice
about big sisters
they're bigger.
Be very careful.
Voila.
It's finished.
Not yet.
Come on, it's a masterpiece.
What more does it need?
And this.
Now, it's finished.
[theme music]
♪ Ahh ♪
♪ Whatever happened
to predictability ♪
♪ The milkman
the paper boy ♪
♪ Evenin' TV ♪
♪ How did I get to livin' here ♪
♪ Somebody tell me please ♪
♪ This old world's ♪
♪ Confusin' me ♪
♪ Clouds as mean
as you've ever seen ♪
♪ Ain't a bird
who knows your tune ♪
♪ Then a little voice
inside you whispers ♪
♪ Kid don't sell
your dreams so soon ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold onto ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a face
of somebody who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're lost
out there ♪
♪ And you're all alone ♪
♪ A light is waitin' ♪
♪ To carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
♪ Do be do ba ba da ♪♪
[instrumental music]
Are you sure
your wedding announcement
is in today's paper?
Better be. I got copies
for all my relatives.
They love to see
my name in print.
Oh, here it is.
This is so exciting.
So, how 'bout
those 49ers, huh?
- Give me that paper.
- No, honey.
- Give me the paper.
- You don't wanna to see this.
- You don't. You don't.
- Gimme this.
Thank you.
"Rebecca Donaldson,
award-winning journalist
"and popular host of "the Wake
Up, San Francisco Show"
to wed "Jerse Katsopolis."
Jerse Katsopolis.
Sounds like a Greek cow.
Honey, don't worry.
Nobody reads this stuff anyway.
- Hi, Danny.
- Hi, Becky.
Hi, Jerse.
That's it.
I quit.
I'm way too mature for
those dodo-head honeybees.
Steph, you can't quit.
I just spent 12 bucks
for this new pollen sack.
And there's no way
I'm going to that
dumb honeybee
slumber party on Saturday.
What was that
all about?
[sighing]
I think I know.
Those slumber parties they're
for mothers and daughters.
I remember
when Pam took D.J.
Poor Steph.
Becky, I just got an idea.
This might be a lot to ask.
Danny, it's no problem.
I would love to take Stephanie
to the slumber party.
I'll be in Lake Tahoe
on Saturday afternoon
but I'll make sure
I'm back in plenty of time.
Thank you, Becky,
and if you ever need
someone to slumber
for you, I'm there.
I better be there, too.
- Hi, Michelle.
- Hi, Becky.
Hi, daddy.
Hi, Joey.
Hi, Uncle Jerse.
[knocking on door]
Steph?
You don't have to talk to me.
I'm okay.
Well, I was just thinking
about that slumber party.
Slumber parties
are so dumb.
It's just a bunch of people
sleeping on the floor.
Mm. Gee, I'm sorry
you feel that way because
you know,
I was hoping that you and I
could go to that party together.
Really?
You'd go with me?
We're gonna get to
sleep on the floor!
Thanks, Becky.
I can't wait
until Saturday.
Hey, it's the least I can do
for a fellow honeybee.
You were a honeybee?
Are you kidding?
♪ I pledge my love
and loyalty ♪
♪ To all the hive
and every bee ♪
♪ Our motto is
and ever was ♪
♪ Buzz bu-buzz buzz
buzz buzz buzz-buzz ♪♪
So, what do
you guys think?
You can set up your new
production company
right up here in the attic.
Careful I-I just
waxed the floor.
You waxed
the attic floor?
You think that's bad
here's a mousetrap
on a doily.
Danny, this place is perfect.
It'll make a great studio.
Just have to get rid
of all this junk.
Junk?
This is my life.
My most cherished
treasures
arranged by decade
and in alphabetical order
from my ant farm..
...to my Zorro sword.
This is your life?
Dead ants
and a plastic sword?
Okay, it's a sad life,
but it's my life.
Alright.
I got an idea.
This Saturday you have
a yard sale
and the money that you make
you can use to buy
yourself a new life.
[chuckling]
Saturday is impossible.
I'm taking Michelle shopping
for new clothes.
I'll take the kid shopping.
There, now,
you got no excuses.
Alright.
We'll have a sale.
But, I'm not selling
my collection of bottle caps.
Boy, if there's
somebody out there with
a collection
of uncapped bottles
he's gonna be
very disappointed.
Okay, but I'm in charge
of this sale.
- Yeah.
Everything has to go
to loving families.
- Yeah.
- I want background checks.
And follow-up visits..
[instrumental music]
Why are you
packing now?
The party's
not for six hours.
You know
the honeybee motto
always bee ready.
Bon jour, ladies.
- Hi, Kimmy.
- Kimmy, why do I see luggage?
Well, the mattress
is a little soft
but I can rough it.
Get your bony bod
off my bed.
Oh, I forgot to mention this.
Since, you're not gonna be here
Kimmy's gonna sleep
in your bed.
Eew. Gibbler drool
on my pillow.
I'm gonna cover my bed
with saran wrap.
Whoa.
This could be
a pretty scary thing
to wake up to.
Patrick Swayze
now, that says
good morning.
Uncle Jesse,
let's go shopping.
We will, munchkin,
I-I just have to
find out where we're gonna go.
To the mall.
Let's move it, mister.
Dad usually takes Michelle
to the Teeny Tiny Tot shop.
Yeah. Just where
I wanna be seen.
I'm leaving
without you.
Give me
the credit card.
Oh, they learn so young.
Girls, if
anybody calls
tell 'em I'm out shooting pool
and buying power tools.
- I'll drive.
- Get back here, you shorty.
Come back!
Danny, how is it going?
What have you sold so far?
Not a thing.
Isn't that crazy?
What's crazy
are these prices.
$70 for an old
bowling trophy?
I didn't even know
you were a good bowler.
I'm not.
I won this trophy
for cleanest ball.
Oh, come on.
$185 for a pair
of platform shoes?
That's a bargain.
I was wearing these shoes
when I learned to dance
the hustle.
I was doing great too,
till smacked my head
on a disco ball.
Alright.
She's back
and she's cooler
than ever.
Yo! Hot wheels.
What have you done
to my baby?
Nothing.
I found this store.
Hell's Little Angels.
I got a tattoo.
Jesse, I'll kill you.
Relax.
It washes off.
"Born to behave?"
Yeah, she wants to be
like her Uncle Jesse.
Please, take over the sale.
No discounts.
Come on, Michelle,
we're going shopping
at the Teeny Tiny Tot shop.
- How 'bout it, sweetie?
- Oh, come on, Danny.
She's gonna be the
hottest babe in school.
Jess, she goes
to preschool
not reform school.
Let's roll,
daddy-o.
Okay, honey.
Where is Becky?
Take it easy.
She's only 20 seconds late.
We're gonna go down
to the video store
and rent "Dirty Dancing."
It's Crazy For Swayze night.
Have a nice party.
Stay as long as you like.
My parents said
if I wanted to
I could live here forever.
[telephone ringing]
I'll get it.
[ringing continues]
- Hello?
- Steph, it's Becky.
Becky, where are you?
Honey, I'm in Placerville.
I just got to a phone.
Look, my car
broke down.
I dropped
my transmission.
Well, pick it up
and get over here.
We're gonna miss the party.
Honey, I'm sorry. I don't think
I'm gonna be able to make it.
I feel terrible.
It's okay.
Thanks anyway.
Bye.
I didn't want to go
to that party anyway, Comet.
Just a bunch of girls
with their moms.
How boring.
We'll have much more fun
by ourselves. Right, Comet?
[piano music]
[instrumental music]
Steph,
what are you doing?
Becky's gonna
be here any minute.
No, she's not. Her car
broke down in Placerville.
Oh, Steph,
that's awful.
Hey! I'll take you.
To a slumber party?
Hey, I slumber.
I party.
But it's for mothers
and daughters
and you're a boy.
Well, I won't tell
if you won't.
Come on, Steph.
Your friends all know me.
Now, we are going
to that party
and we are gonna
have a ton of fun.
Are you sure?
Honeybee's honor.
♪ I pledge my love
and loy-- ♪
Okay! I'll go.
I'll go.
But, please,
don't sing at the party.
Just let me get it
out of my system.
♪ To all the hive
and every bee ♪
♪ Our motto is
and ever was ♪
♪ Buzz buzz buzz buzz
buzz buzz buh...uzz ♪♪
[instrumental music]
[indistinct chattering]
[doorbell ringing]
- Hi, Steph.
- Hi, Lisa.
What'd you
bring Joey for?
Oh, don't mind me, tonight
I'm just one of the girls.
- Hi, ladies.
- Hi, Joey.
- Hi.
- Where's Rebecca?
Oh, she can't make it,
so, I'm the D.H.
designated honeybee.
Well, you're just
in time for Barbie.
Great throw an extra
shrimp on for me!
Joey, that's
Barbie doll.
Oh. Well, hey,
that's even better.
I-I love playing Barbie.
Oh, look, it's Malibu Barbie.
"Like, total
Barbierobics, dude."
That's not
Malibu Barbie
that's
Superstar Barbie.
I guess it is, huh?
Well, I'm-I'm more of
a Ken kind of guy,
anyhow.
"Hey, Barbie,
looks like
"you and I have
a lot in common.
"I mean, we both
have plastic heads
"we can't blink
"and, uh, we have
no internal organs.
So, let's boogie,
Barbie baby."
Joey!
Cut it out!
Mother-daughter
jump rope!
[cheering]
Uh. come on, Steph.
Let's do uh, let's do the one we
like, "The Little Dutch Girl."
What am I doing here?
♪ I'm a little Dutch girl ♪
♪ Dressed in blue ♪
♪ These are the things
I used to do ♪
♪ Salute to the captain ♪
♪ Curtsy to.. ♪♪
And then get caught in the rope
like a big dumb dope.
Next.
[piano music]
Good, you're home.
Jess, I'd like to show you
how a three-year-old
without a police record
is supposed to dress.
Come on in, honey.
Hello, gentlemen.
What happened to
my motorcycle mama?
Bet you even
washed off her tattoo.
With lavender soap.
Jess, how'd my yard sale go?
Terrific.
Got rid of everything.
No,
that's impossible!
No one could afford
my prices.
I love it when your
dad's eyes bug out like that.
Well, sorry
you got stuck
with another
cutie dress, pal.
I like this dress.
I picked it out myself.
Yeah, but you like the stuff
I picked better, right?
Nah.
You didn't like
those biker clothes?
I liked them
for Halloween.
Oh, no.
I did to you what my dad
used to do to me.
He always dressed me up
just like him.
Always made me wear these
little munchkin leisure suits
he was trying to achieve
that dad and lad look.
To this day,
I have nightmares
of white belts
and matching shoes.
I'm sorry I tried doing
the same thing to you, pal.
No problem.
You know what?
I think you look like
a little princess.
Thank you, daddy-o.
[blowing raspberries]
You sold everything?
You better have
$187,000 in your pocket.
No, I don't
have any money
but I do have a key.
I know how much
all that junk..
...your treasures
meant to you
so I had them put away
in a storage locker.
Thanks, Jess.
But to get you
through the night
I did save a few,
select items
your Lone Ranger
lunch pail
with matching
Tonto thermos.
Your Mr. Magoo shampoo.
Oh, Waldo.
Your eight-track player
and cartridge of..
..."Shake Your Booty."
This is nice, but what's
"Shake Your Booty" without..
Come to papa.
[both chuckling]
[telephone ringing]
I'll get it.
Michelle, these are
very important to daddy.
Talk to me.
Joseph, where
are you, man?
Becky had car trouble,
so I'm here
with Steph
at her slumber party.
Oh,
she's doing great.
By the way, I took third
in the PJ competition.
Yeah. Listen, I gotta go.
They're ready to start
the relay race.
Yeah, okay.
Bye.
[clapping]
Okay, now.
Girls, mothers..
...I mean, parent..
...uh, big people.
The object of this game
is to race
with an egg in a spoon
without dropping it
but the tough
part is
we'll be wearing
high heels!
[cheering]
Silly me. I guess,
I left my heels at home.
Don't worry.
I've got an extra pair.
Oh, great.
They'll go with my PJ's.
Basic black.
That'll work.
- Okay.
- Okay, everybody.
Now I want you to go once
around the coffee table
then back to
your starting place.
You'll hand off your eggs
and your spoons.
Girls go first.
Ready...set, go!
(Joseph)
'Steph. Let's go, Steph!'
Alright! Yes!
Come on, give it
to your mother.
[indistinct chattering]
[kids screaming]
Aw, Joey.
Uh. Sorry, Steph.
If these heels
were my size
we would have
definitely won.
Besides, that blond lady
cut me off.
I knew this
was a bad idea.
Let's play
beauty parlor!
Daughters
make up moms
then moms
make up daughters.
[indistinct chattering]
No, this works out great.
I've been lookin'
for wanting to highlight
these cheekbones a little.
Um, why don't we
skip beauty parlor
and play
something else.
(kids)
No!
Why can't we do
the makeovers?
Because of me,
that's why!
Steph.
Stephanie.
Steph!
[KC and the Sunshine Band
performing "(Shake, Shake,
Shake) Shake Your Booty"]
Let's dance.
Come on, Michelle, this was
the golden age of music.
Don't fight it.
Feel it.
♪ Give yourself a chance ♪
Here's the fun part.
Let's go.
You ready?
♪ Shake shake shake ♪
♪ Shake your booty ♪♪
Now I know
why Disco died.
It didn't die,
it's just been
in the witness
protection program.
Stephanie. Steph, would you
just stop and talk to me?
There's nothing
to talk about.
I don't have a mother
and there's nothing
you guys can say
to change that, right?
See?
[sighing]
I better go deal with this.
I'll never eat
another cheesy yum yum
as long as I live.
I want my bed back.
Steph, you're supposed
to be gone tonight.
It was a stupid party
with stupid people
and stupid
mother-daughter makeovers.
Uh, Kimmy, can I have
a word with Steph alone?
I'm outta here.
Steph?
Just forget it.
Dad, can I have a minute
alone with my sister?
Sure, Deej.
I'll be downstairs.
I'm sorry you had
such a bad time, tonight.
I know exactly
how you feel.
No, you don't.
When you were eight
you got to go to the honeybee
slumber party with mom.
But that doesn't mean
I don't miss her
just as much
as you do.
It's not fair!
All those girls
with their moms
tonight, were so happy.
Why couldn't
I be happy too?
Steph, it's okay.
You know, sometimes
I look at other girls
with their moms
and feel the same way.
How do you make
the feeling go away?
It's hard.
But something
that helps me is..
Well, I think of
the things we do have
that other people
don't have.
Like what?
Well, we have three people
that love us a lot.
We're the only ones
with a dad
an Uncle Jesse,
and a Joey.
We have
something else, too.
We do?
We have each other.
I'll bet Steph must hate me
for dragging her
to that slumber party.
Aw, come on, Joey
your heart was in
the right place.
Yeah, she'll thank you
for it, someday.
Joey, thanks for taking me
to that party, tonight.
Boy, "someday"
came pretty fast.
You okay, Steph?
Yeah,
I feel better.
I'm sorry,
I ran out like that.
I mean, you were
playing with Barbies
jumping rope,
wearing high heels.
And you did it
all for me.
Us, honeybees,
we gotta stick together.
[chuckling]
Umm, love you.
Let's go, Steph.
We're gonna go back
to the slumber party.
Steph, are you sure
you wanna go back?
Yeah! We're gonna do
makeovers together.
How would I look in your
passion plum eye shadow?
It's you, babe.
- 'Have fun, girls.'
- Bye, guys.
Bye.
Boy, those are two
pretty terrific kids.
Yeah, and that's
a pretty terrific
pair of jammies
you got there.
Now, Joseph, tell me,
I wanna know a little more
about this jumping rope,
playing with Barbies.
Yeah, how come you
never wear high heels
to any of
our parties?
Well,
I guess it's just
a night
with the boys.
Do you wanna watch
all of "Dirty Dancing?"
Or should I just fast-forward
to the kissing scenes?
[instrumental music]
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
[music continues]
♪ Do be do ba ba da ♪♪